---
layout: post
author: Lauren Hopkins
title: Hong Kong
category: travel
tags: [asia, thai]
title_image: "/img/hong_kong/hong_kong.jpg"
---

You "won't not be disappointed" in Mongkok.

Our first real vacation of 2013 came as a bit of a surprise. We were planning a
late-summer escape to Hawaii when I found out I’d be going on a work trip to
Hong Kong. After running the numbers (and counting our available vacation
days), we decided to squeeze in some vacation time in Hong Kong at the end of
my work trip and scrapped the Hawaii plans. We figured Hawaii would always be
there waiting for us but this was a chance to travel half-way around the world
at a significantly reduced expense.

I arrived first for my work event and, regrettably, spent my first few days in
Hong Kong inside a windowless conference room at the Intercontinental. I
couldn't have been happier to see Ellis when he got here, since that meant work
was over and vacation was starting. After enduring three
terrible-but-could-have-been-worse airplane meals, his first question was --
where are we eating?

Unlike some travelers, we had not researched the best restaurants in Hong Kong
or made reservations months in advance. Instead we skimmed a few sources we
trust and decided to wing it. First stop? Mongkok. We weren't sure what to
expect when the literature in our hotel room promised "you won't not be
disappointed in Mongkok."

While much of Hong Kong feels western and cosmopolitan, Mongkok is anything
but. Strolling the streets and alleyways we encountered many exotic smells and
sights, some better than others. We explored the Flower Market, several blocks
with nothing but fragrant and fresh flowers, and then wandered to the Goldfish
Market to see streets and streets of aquatic supplies and displays with small
plastic bags filled with shimmering goldfish. About that time, a violent and
apocalyptic thunderstorm descended upon us. We sought refuge in, of all places,
a mall.

This mall was not just any mall - it was Langham Place, an enormous mall filled
with designer brands and boutiques. The focal point of the mall was an atrium
of several hundred feet and a jumble of steel and escalators that climbed to
such a height that we both experienced a little vertigo. Perched near the top
of this madness, we found a tiny Japanese restaurant and sat at a table
overlooking the atrium below.

Suzuki Cafe seemed to be exactly what we were looking for. Lots of seafood and
vegetarian options, so I went with a salmon rice bowl while Ellis opted for a
mixed seafood rice bowl with poached egg and tobiko. My salmon was tender and
flaky, and had a sweeter sauce that mixed nicely with the saltiness of the
sauteed mushrooms and seaweed. Ellis's dish was a bit heavier, but the runny
egg and tobiko were a great combination.

While we both enjoyed our meals, we weren't sure we'd order them again. The
pastry samplers and lattes several patrons at nearby tables offered looked
tempting. Overall it was a very solid lunch and Langham Place gave us our first
glimpse into Hong Kong living. As it turned out, Mongkok did not deliver on its
promise -- we weren't ... not not disappointed.
