---
layout: post
author: Lauren Hopkins
title: Fog City
category: local
tags: [american]
---

![Scaffolding](/img/hong_kong/scaffolding-thumb.jpg){:.img-responsive}

---

Bottom line: Cocktails are a must; try pairing a fish or a meat with a light
vegetable; skip the fries, even though they look tempting.

Tonight we decided to try out the reimagined Fog City, minus the "Diner" and
with a whole new look and menu. The space still bears its distinctive bay
windows and triangular shape, but almost everything else has changed. We
thought it was classic and elegant before the renovation but admit the new
purple sign, open interior and wood-burning oven are improvements.

Our server greeted us warmly and after letting us settle in, guided us through
the menu and shared some of his favorite cocktails. Ellis went with the Dark
and Stormy, a delicious "adult slurpy" version of the classic served in one of
those gorgeous copper colored mugs that Moscow Mules usually come in. Though I
was hesitant at first, I decided on the Fog City Milk Punch made with clarified
milk, bourbon, brandy and dark rum. I was surprised to see the punch arrive in
a small glass. It looked like white wine but tasted like nothing I've had
before with butter and vanilla notes and a sense of familiarity from the milk.
I'm usually not big on dairy, but this drink was really well executed and
scores major points for its novelty.

We struggled with our menu selections, primarily because the dishes are served
tapas style and we wanted to try several things without breaking the bank.
Ultimately, we chose to go with two snacks, the blistered peppers ($6) and
furikake fries ($6), and one larger dish, the alder-planked half trout ($28).
Each was good on its own but the combination overloaded our palates with savory
and salty flavors. If we had it to do over again, we would just get the trout
and one of the lighter vegetables like the early girl tomatoes.

While the blistered peppers were solid, we have ordered these many times and
Fog City's were not a particular standout. The fries were piled high and served
with furikake seasoning and an aioli for dipping. I enjoyed them but Ellis was
not a fan. He didn't think the seaweed was a good addition and in general found
the fries too heavy. Neither of us really liked the aioli. I think a tomato or
peanut dipping sauce might have been better. According to our server, the
frying oil used is rice-based to give the fries a crispier finish but this may
have contributed to the overall saturation. I don't know if we'd order them
again.

The standout was without question the trout. Wood fired on an alderwood plank,
it had a smoky and woodsy flavor that was complemented by the brininess of
chopped olives. We squeezed some wood-fired lemon on top and even attempted to
get some of the additional meat out of the "cheeks" of the fish head. The
fingerling potatoes were good, and would have been better had we not eaten so
many fries already.

All in all, we enjoyed the meal and were happy to see the restaurant so busy
and lively. Next time we'll definitely be more mindful of the combination of
dishes.
