---
layout: post

title: Pizza Night

excerpt: "As much as we love eating out, occasionally weâ€™re tempted to try our luck at home and make use of the abundance of fresh fruits and vegetables available during the summer months."

author:
  name: Lauren Hopkins
  bio: Foodie, Lawyer
  image: lauren.jpg
---

While browsing in one of the Ferry Building shops today we stumbled upon the
renowned Double Zero flour, which Ellis claims is one of the best for making
homemade pizza dough (and he's done some pretty extensive extensive pizza
"research"). We also picked up some San Marzano whole peeled tomatoes for the
sauce and fresh buffalo mozzarella from Cowgirl Creamery.

<div class="full zoomable"><img src="{% asset_path pizza_night/ingredients.jpg %}"></div>

We've experimented with several different dough recipes and techniques, but
Ellis prefers the recipe from Delfina Pizzeria, a local spot with some of the
best pizza we've had in San Francisco. The recipe is simple -- flour, water,
yeast and olive oil -- mixed together, kneaded for 15 minutes and then left to
rise for at least 4 hours. After that, we just roll it out to a thin pie shape
and layer on whatever ingredients we have on hand.

<div class="full zoomable"><img src="{% asset_path pizza_night/corn.jpg %}"></div>

For the sauce, we strained the tomatoes and diced them up, then added a pinch
of oregano, garlic powder and salt. Ellis is fundamentally a purist when it
comes to pizza, so he decided to dress his with just the sauce, cheese and
fresh basil. I also love simple pizzas but since we had a box full of
vegetables to use from our weekly CSA delivery from Greenhearts Family Farm,
decided to try more of a Mexi-Cali version with fresh red peppers, corn, spring
onions and garlic.

<div class="full zoomable"><img src="{% asset_path pizza_night/finished.jpg %}"></div>

We cooked them on the highest heat setting for our oven (525 deg. F) for about
five minutes on a pizza stone, and then ate them immediately. I have to say
this was our best execution of the dough, ever! It must have been the Double
Zero. Ellis's minimalist pizza really highlighted the flavors of the tomato
sauce and the cheese, and we loved the combination of the fresh corn and red
peppers on mine.

<div class="border"><img src="{% asset_path pizza_night/beer.jpg %}"></div>

Paired with a scotch ale from our beer of the month club, this was an amazing
meal!
